Add DTK configure environment page (#2303)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: delegation-toolkit/guides/configure-toolkit.md

See Viem's [account abstraction documentation](https://viem.sh/account-abstraction) for more information on the API's features, methods, and best practices.

To use the bundler and paymaster clients with the toolkit, create instances of these clients and configure them as follows:

```typescript
import {
  createPaymasterClient,
  createBundlerClient,
} from "viem/account-abstraction";
import { http } from "viem";
import { sepolia as chain } from "viem/chains"; 

// Replace these URLs with your actual bundler and paymaster endpoints.
const bundlerUrl = "https://your-bundler-url.com";
const paymasterUrl = "https://your-paymaster-url.com";

// The paymaster is optional.
const paymasterClient = createPaymasterClient({
  transport: http(paymasterUrl),
});

const bundlerClient = createBundlerClient({
  transport: http(bundlerUrl),
  paymaster: paymasterClient,
  chain,
});
```

Replace the bundler and paymaster URLs with your bundler and paymaster endpoints.
For example, you can use endpoints from [Pimlico](https://docs.pimlico.io/references/bundler), [Infura](/services), or [ZeroDev](https://docs.zerodev.app/meta-infra/intro).

:::note

> Providing a paymaster is optional when configuring your bundler client. However, if you choose not to use a paymaster, the smart contract account must have sufficient funds to pay for gas fees directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing a paymaster is optional when configuring your bundler client. However, if you choose not to use a paymaster, the smart contract account must have enough funds to pay gas fees.
```

:::

> ## Configure the toolkit environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## (Optional) Configure the toolkit environment
```
